---
layout: post
title:  "The Finale -- Challenge 4: Disease Detectives x Any Event"
date:   2020-04-14
creator: Alice Yeh
permalink: /challenges/:title
---

To coincide with the end of the Science Olympiad season, this week, we will be having our final challenge--an epic one of course (have to go out with a bang)!

This challenge is pretty open ended, but I have set one theme: Disease Detectives. As all of you may have guessed, COVID-19 is the disease that the challenge title alludes to. For this challenge, you will create anything you want (no, not anything, read on for stipulations) that addresses COVID-19. The item you create however, will have to thematically follow one other Science Olympiad event, one of your choosing. Your submission will include **your creation, as well as the name of the other Science Olympiad event you chose**. This is a creativity challenge, and I certainly look forward to what is created!

In you still have no clue as to what you what to create, I have included some examples below, and as you can see, they range from technical to just plain awesome: 

*Examples:*

Disease Detectives x Anatomy and Physiology: a report on the effects of COVID-19 on the human body<br>
Disease Detectives x Sounds of Music: a song about COVID-19<br>
Disease Detectives x Protein Modeling: a 3D model of the virus<br>
Disease Detectives x Food Science: COVID-19 cake

You get the idea! Submissions will be due by 5:00 PM on Sunday so we have to time review them. Winners and this week's prize will be announced on Sunday at 9:00 PM.